data/blog/crypto-web3-and-blockchain-scams.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Crypto, Web3, Blockchain Scams'
date: '2024-06-09'
tags: ['crypto', 'web3', 'blockchain']
draft: false
layout: PostLayout
images: ['https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1358/1*DEG-vN2W7a0uui4UnfuYJA.png']
summary: Here I talk about the crypto/web3/blockchain scams, that I have faced, so you don't
---

![Crpyto scams](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1358/1*DEG-vN2W7a0uui4UnfuYJA.png)

## Introduction

After the boom of Web3 technologies in the early 2021, many phishing and scamming sites and indivisuals have come out to lure innocent people **Like you and Me** and scamming us.

Here, I will talk about, How I faced such Scams and how I dealt with it. Also I will share some tips so you all don't fall for it.

### My Story!

Here are my 3 stories of crypto scams:

1. I first fall into this scam on **Telegram**, where a girl named Beltram tried to first pursuade me as a person, who has a friend in an crypto app. But instead of directly investing through the app, she and the **\*So called App's Telegram Channel\*** wanted me to put somewhere around $ 50-250 through Telegram.

   I immediately knew, that it was a scam, and ignored both of their messages and Blocked both of them afterwards.

2. My second contact with this scams, comes from email/messages and from WhatsApp. I am almost used to this type of scams and often face it on a monthly basis. Mostly they try to send you some fishy link, which, **on clicking** might download you some kind of Fishy APK and hack your phone or steal your personal details..

3. The third scam, that I have recently faced was some kind Job/Work scam, from a guy I found on Twitter/X. He tried to pursude me as a person as someone who doesn't know coding but need a developer of his **Web3 game**. He came first and messaged me to contact with him; which afterwards I did. We did some conversations, and we would on a meet afterwards. I hoped into his discord server and we were almost about to start only and then somehow I was out of his server. So I joined again and the same thing happened. So I tried to message him on Twitter/X about this, but then I found out that I was **blocked\*\***.

   I knew, from the very start that this guy is fishy, so I made a fake account and tweeted on his latest post on this matter. Funny enough, he wrote a pathetic reply to me that he hadn't done anything and blocked my 2nd account as well; which afterwards I knew, that is just some another crypto scammer guy.

   Suprisingly, the day before this happened, I got 2 weird emails from a fishy email, which has just numebers in his email, writing me Hello User, with the title hello\<my-email\>. I tried to reply, asking who was it, but got no reply, and 2 hours afterwards, I got another same reply. But then I reported it to spam.

   Later that night, I got a message from Google that someone is trying to login to my account from Romania.

   LMAO, this is really a weird thing for me, so I immediately denied it and **enabled 2 factor authetication**.

   Maybe this is a coincidence, or maybe not, but this is something I am facing, Right NOW!

   \*\*I will give an update about this after I have completed this case!

### What should you do to avoid these scams!?

- First, they often use the keywords `crypto`, `web3`, `etherium`, `bitcoin` etc. Keep an eye on that!

  If you find any of these, or they want you to involve in any of these, be cautious, because most of these are scams.

- Second, never give them access to anything, or give any personal information, if they ask so!

- Third, if you find some fishy with any of your accounts (Like I found with my gmail account), always enable 2 factor authetication in your necessary accounts, like you `bank account`, `email`, `social media` etc etc.

- Fourth, **NEVER CLICK ON ANY SUSPICIOUS LINK**!

### Some more basic things!

Just by messaging these scammers won't steal any of your personal information, unless you give them though message.

And, JUST block these scammers and report them! That's it!

I know, it doesn't look too much of a justice, but that's what we can do right now!

But, if they try to take your financial information, you can report them to your nearest police station!

### My Last Note!

I am never working on `web3`,`crypto`, `etherium`, `bitcoin` things ever again;

these things are full of scams!

And stay safe!

Commit message:

Made an update on crypto scam blog

data/blog/crypto-web3-and-blockchain-scams.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Crypto, Web3, Blockchain Scams'
date: '2024-06-09'
tags: ['crypto', 'web3', 'blockchain']
draft: false
layout: PostLayout
images: ['https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1358/1*DEG-vN2W7a0uui4UnfuYJA.png']
summary: Here I talk about the crypto/web3/blockchain scams, that I have faced, so you don't
---

![Crpyto scams](https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1358/1*DEG-vN2W7a0uui4UnfuYJA.png)

## Introduction

After the boom of Web3 technologies in the early 2021, many phishing and scamming sites and indivisuals have come out to lure innocent people **Like you and Me** and scamming us.

Here, I will talk about, How I faced such Scams and how I dealt with it. Also I will share some tips so you all don't fall for it.

### My Story!

Here are my 3 stories of crypto scams:

1. I first fall into this scam on **Telegram**, where a girl named Beltram tried to first pursuade me as a person, who has a friend in an crypto app. But instead of directly investing through the app, she and the **\*So called App's Telegram Channel\*** wanted me to put somewhere around $ 50-250 through Telegram.

   I immediately knew, that it was a scam, and ignored both of their messages and Blocked both of them afterwards.

2. My second contact with this scams, comes from email/messages and from WhatsApp. I am almost used to this type of scams and often face it on a monthly basis. Mostly they try to send you some fishy link, which, **on clicking** might download you some kind of Fishy APK and hack your phone or steal your personal details..

3. The third scam, that I have recently faced was some kind Job/Work scam, from a guy I found on Twitter/X. He tried to pursude me as a person as someone who doesn't know coding but need a developer of his **Web3 game**. He came first and messaged me to contact with him; which afterwards I did. We did some conversations, and we would on a meet afterwards. I hoped into his discord server and we were almost about to start only and then somehow I was out of his server. So I joined again and the same thing happened. So I tried to message him on Twitter/X about this, but then I found out that I was **blocked\*\***.

   I knew, from the very start that this guy is fishy, so I made a fake account and tweeted on his latest post on this matter. Funny enough, he wrote a pathetic reply to me that he hadn't done anything and blocked my 2nd account as well; which afterwards I knew, that is just some another crypto scammer guy.

   Suprisingly, the day before this happened, I got 2 weird emails from a fishy email, which has just numebers in his email, writing me Hello User, with the title hello\<my-email\>. I tried to reply, asking who was it, but got no reply, and 2 hours afterwards, I got another same reply. But then I reported it to spam.

   Later that night, I got a message from Google that someone is trying to login to my account from Romania.

   LMAO, this is really a weird thing for me, so I immediately denied it and **enabled 2 factor authetication**.

   Maybe this is a coincidence, or maybe not, but this is something I am facing, Right NOW!

   \*\*I will give an update about this after I have completed this case!

   Update: I have made 4 fake accounts just to call him out and he blocked all 4 of my accounts.

   Really FUNNY and PATHETIC 😂. I love how he is getting scared of me Right Now!

### What should you do to avoid these scams!?

- First, they often use the keywords `crypto`, `web3`, `etherium`, `bitcoin` etc. Keep an eye on that!

  If you find any of these, or they want you to involve in any of these, be cautious, because most of these are scams.

- Second, never give them access to anything, or give any personal information, if they ask so!

- Third, if you find some fishy with any of your accounts (Like I found with my gmail account), always enable 2 factor authetication in your necessary accounts, like you `bank account`, `email`, `social media` etc etc.

- Fourth, **NEVER CLICK ON ANY SUSPICIOUS LINK**!

### Some more basic things!

Just by messaging these scammers won't steal any of your personal information, unless you give them though message.

And, JUST block these scammers and report them! That's it!

I know, it doesn't look too much of a justice, but that's what we can do right now!

But, if they try to take your financial information, you can report them to your nearest police station!

### My Last Note!

I am never working on `web3`,`crypto`, `etherium`, `bitcoin` things ever again;

these things are full of scams!

And stay safe!
